Please find your seats.
It’s time to start our graduation program.
We never dreamed this would happen.
This is a very special day
all of us have been anxiously waiting for.
We’re happy to see all of you here.
It all started a few years ago.
If you’d like to have the circuit overseer
and his wife for a meal . . .
It was during that visit and this question.
His theme on Tuesday is
“What Lessons Can We Learn
From Philip the Evangelizer?”
Hmm.
What could we learn from Philip?
Honestly, we were already busy
with the right things.
Lilly and the girls helped out
wherever they could.
I worked
on Kingdom Hall maintenance projects.
And we had
a regular schedule for the ministry.
But like in a lot of places,
when someone showed interest,
it was tough to find them again.
I wondered if our spiritual routine
needed an update.
Looking forward to that talk,
I decided we’d research Philip
for family worship
—Acts chapter 6.
Philip was one of seven brothers
selected to distribute food
to Christian widows in Jerusalem.
That was an important assignment,
but he did so much more than that.
Hmm, this is interesting.
Because of the persecution,
Philip had to flee from Jerusalem to Samaria.
Samaria hadn’t accepted
the word of Jehovah yet.
But Philip saw that trial
as a spiritual opportunity.
Samaria was largely untouched
by the preaching work.
Philip declared the good news zealously,
and many believed and got baptized.
But sometime later,
an angel spoke with him.
He told Philip
to “get up and go to the south.”
That led him to find the Ethiopian eunuch
and preach in other cities.
Philip was willing to serve
wherever there was a need.
And he always kept that evangelizing spirit.
Some twenty years later,
he was still known as “the evangelizer.”
By that time, his life had changed.
He was a family man with four daughters.
But that didn’t stop him
from showing hospitality
when Paul and his companions came to visit.
Visits like that must have been
full of spiritual lessons for his daughters.
That night, we came up
with a few things we wanted to do.
We started by having
the circuit overseer to lunch.
We hadn’t made time for that in a while.
Alex and Carla’s experiences
made the girls excited
to reach their own spiritual goals.
But like Philip,
changes came that we didn’t expect.
I was out of work for a few months.
It was a stressful time
but also a spiritual opportunity.
I could visit people
at different times of the day.
We tried to make the most
of the situation and preach zealously
like Philip.
And here we are,
watching our girls graduate
from the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
Those few lessons
made a big difference for this family
of evangelizers.